 [] come up with a plan to tansfer abbreviations into to database for things like gta right now they're hardcoded

[] while the product search is searching for games i should not be allowed to press enter 

[] in search ignore thingss like . ' , since i dont want to be limited to typing out f.e.a.r to look up fear the game or having to type out luigi's mansion every time


[] if i click on a pricecharitng list item and its already linked to another item find that item and swap it in


UI Changes
[] Consolidate markup and deductions into 1 column - column something like 'adjustments' then we should have a tooltip when we hover over that'll show the breakdown of markups/deductions

Frontend/Backend integrations
[] Edit on line items
- we should have the ability to click the edit field and make the Variant, qty, market, markup/deductions, all the fields that are auto calculated can be left the same. The part here that will require the most thought will be switching variants but lets map out how that would affect things.


[] Where is the session name coming from right now? we should be able to set the session name 



[X] weird issue when i type in mario kart wii it uses the console shipping price??


[X] dont immidiatly allow for the create new product give it some time to load resutls and then if nothing is returned allow creation, right now if i type borderlands really fast and hit enter wihtout giving the backend time to load it'll prompt me to create a new product


[X] bug where if you create a video game and it takes you to the link page. but you just exit out/cancel
if you load the same item you jsut made it'll show you a product found as expected but now clicking into the product we're left at just a blank screen with no variants (becuse we never linked it to make the variants from the first step)
so we should really be presented with the reate new variant window when there is no variant or promt us to link to pricecharting which would put us back at the pricecharting window.

do you get what im saying?
let me show you a flow

hit add item search for a product 
ill use this as an example.
sol divide ps1
i hit create product
i now just hit cancel
i hit add item 
sol divide shows up as a product found 
now im on an empty screen (where normally it would offer me to select a variant which is where i think i am but since there are none its just blacnk) or link it to pricecharting


[X] bug fix on calculator default 
when adding item for a product that hasn't been created.
example > 
god of war collection ps3 
i click create product
i link to price charting 
i select variant CIB
im taken to the blue CIB Tracking (No price impact)
this is wrong since it is price sensitive.
if we reload (now that the item/varint has already been created)
i look up god of war collection ps3
i click the already made product > i select cib > the proper yellow 📋 CIB Item Options
📖 Includes Manual
Custom Deductions (overrides manual deduction) screen shows up.
we need that to happen everytime not just when we select from the database


[X] add a console mode so that the add calculator item knows im working on 360 instead of me having to type (game name) xbox 360 each time 
king of like the variant default button but for consoles it should use the same lookup that it uses for the platform dropdown in create new product

[X] add a manual_checkbox_mode dropdown.
default - itll do what it normally does by checking to see if it's manual sensitive or not
no manual - will always tick the checkbox to off
manual - will always tick the checkbox to on

Shipping Cost Feature
[X] we have this in the calculation breakdown and it's helpful but i think we should have the ability to assign the shipping cost on the add calculator item instead of just auto assigning from the PurchaseCalculatorConfig we can use those values instead to setup the 'default'

After implementing ^
[X] Ability to see the shipping cost on the table and make edits to it.

[X] move the manual button toggle to the top of the form field for easy changing since it'll be a common intereacting

[X] we should match things like II to numbers as well for the search
example if i type in 
fable 2 i should see results for fable II 
maybe one step forward if i type in something like 
gta or cod
i could see grand theft auto or call of duty results
this is probably going to be adjustments on the backend specifically since that's handling the search

Session Changes
[X] The ability to toggle 'cashback purchase'
 - so this is a session option that should trickle into the items to recalculate. by default cashback should be enabled (we could store this default in configs down the road) right now that's the functionality we have it on for everything and these changes are going to be specificaly for regular_cashback. Since some purchases are made via cash payment i don't get those cashback additions. if we started with cashback on and then swith to cashback off all the line items for total_cashback should switch to 0 for that session. if we are in a toggled off state when adding new items they should be added with 0 already. if we switch back to cashback on for the session we should recalcualte all the line items again and any more added from that point on will include the cashback

[X] The ability to toggle tax exempt
- this is very similar to cashback in the sense that we may not be tax exempt for some purchases the default should be tax exempt on to begin with and really its going to be the same logic and flow as The ability to toggle 'cashback purchase'
